Give me as far as you can
I am very normal
Mr. Wang, you came just in time
There's a kid who doesn't know how to live or die
He framed me for changing the bidder who won the bidding
Also call your name
Yes!
Murong should always be severely punished for something like this
Better break his hands and feet
Let them never be born
Yes, Mr. Murong
Mr. Xiao, I'm really sorry.
What happened today was not my intention
It's all on this beast's own initiative
It's not as good as the referee, but the celebrity around Gong Weijun
How is this respectful to this trash?
What's going on?
That's not right.
We also fight
What is Xiao Zhan's identity?
Let's settle the Jinzhou conference first
Say yes after these little things
What are you?
How dare you tamper with my order
Mr. Murong, are you kidding me?
I won the bidding, didn't I?
Liu Qingxue is a family member
What qualifies him to win the bidding
Are you mistaken?
Oh, dear.
Why are you hitting me?
I'm just telling the truth, you bitch
You are going to kill me
Haha President, I said it.
Please forgive me.
I won't let the leader win the bidding
I don't think he has the ability to complete the project.
I just created it.
I really didn't mean it
Did Liu Muscle Blood win the bidding?
I refuse to accept that even if you are the president of the group
You can't open the back door either, can you?
The Liu family is really not qualified
But Miss Liu Qingxue deserves her name
I declare that starting today
Tengrong Group will use the name of Liu Qingxue
Funding for the Liu family
10 billion and will Miss Liu Qingxue
Listed as the first strategic partner
Indefinite cooperation